[MUSIC]
ELMO: Do you hear that?
ABBY CADABBY: Yeah.
It sounds like sleigh bells.
MR. ELF: That can only
mean one thing.
ALL: Santa!
ELMO: Yay!
[HANDEL'S MESSIAH]
SANTA: Hello, sorry
I'm late, guys.
There was just a bunch of
traffic over Europe.
And then my sled
blew a gasket.
And Prancer's allergies
are acting up.
And then I got a speeding
ticket on the
Garden State Parkway.
You figure the cop's gonna
let me go once he
sees you with, right?
I show him my license.
No go.
It's a miracle I'm even here,
I've got to be honest.
ELMO: It's a miracle?
Yeah, a Christmas miracle.
[MUSIC]
SANTA: [SINGING]
Now when things seem really
hopeless and you haven't got a
chance, like your sled is broken
down or you're stacked
up over France.
Whatcha gonna do, do you
cry or do you grieve?
You've gotta have
some faith, man!
You've gotta just believe.
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
You've gotta just believe--
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
You've gotta just believe.
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
ALL: [SINGING]
SANTA: [SINGING]
Say you lost your
favorite toy.
You're feeling really sad, don't
think that you ever so
gosh darn bad.
Wipe the tears from your eyes.
Blow your nose upon
your sleeve.
Because happiness will come
again, you gotta just believe.
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
You've gotta just believe.
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
You've gotta just believe.
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
ALL: [SINGING]
SANTA: [SINGING]
Christmas day is here,
it's a miracle.
It's true.
But the biggest miracle
is the miracle of you.
You can do most anything I'm
sure you will achieve.
You can make it happen.
You've gotta just believe.
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
You've gotta just believe.
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
You've gotta just believe.
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
ALL: [SINGING]
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
You've got it, Abby!
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
Elmo, I know you believe!
MUPPETS: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
Big Bird, back me up.
ALL: [SINGING]
We believe.
SANTA: [SINGING]
Grover, bring it on home!
[CHEERS]
SANTA: Merry Christmas!
GROVER: I'm a believer.
Are you believer?
ELMO: Santa!
MR. ELF: Thanks for helping me
believe in miracles, Elmo.
ELMO: Aw, you're welcome,
Mr. Elf.
SANTA: Well, everybody, I've
got a very busy night.
So it's time for me to say--
ELMO: Oh, Elmo knows.
Elmo knows.
Merry Christmas to all, and
to all a good night!
SANTA: Actually, Elmo, I was
going to say peace out.
But, hey, you know what?
I'll give it a try.
Merry Christmas to all and
to all a good night!
[CHEERS]
BRAD PAISLEY AND GROVER:
[SINGING]
Jingle bells, jingle bells,
jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun it is to ride in
a one-horse open sleigh.
GROVER: Hey!
BRAD PAISLEY AND GROVER:
[SINGING]
Jingle bells, jingle bells,
jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun--